One foot and then the other.
Rise and shine, Pittsburgh!
This is Chuey Martinez on WQQC.
If you're up this early,
you're either out chasing a dream
or out all night chasing something else.
Either way, don't let one I get you down,
you can always bounce back, baby. Let's go.
Hi, Miss Murdoch.
Oh, shit! Bye, Miss Murdoch!
Let's see.
Thirty seconds slower than yesterday.
I'm sorry. I was... I was...
distracted.
- Again?
- Again. Come on.
If I could rap or something like you,
I would get all 10's.
But, like, any girl under an eight
is right out, you know.
I can't go below that.
I'm better than that.
- That's interesting...
- Right?
Guys. Guess what.
- Is that a smoothie, man?
- Yeah.
It's better than soda.
Nothing but empty calories.
I liked you so much better
fat. It's not even funny.
Yeah. Well, your mom doesn't.
- That's gross.
- You still got fat-boy standards. Because you're fat.
- Okay. Shut up.
- You're still fat.
- Shut up!
- What's up, bro?
Big Sean tweeted that he's doing
a free show in Pittsburgh tonight!
- I wish I could believe that.
- Okay.
- Are you serious? Why didn't you say that?
- Yeah. Well, I told you...
I told you. We're going, right?
- Of course. What are you talking about?
- That's tight.
- It's not tight.
- Don't say it.
No, no, no.
I told my parents
I would finish my college application.
Look, I need this, okay?
I really need this.
I have one year left to lose my Scarlet V and I've
struck out with every acceptable girl in this school.
- Even Sarah?
- Even Sarah.
Yeah.
Get on board. I need this.
- I have to finish my essay.
- Are you kidding me?
- It's the last day of school, Daryn.
- They're not due until September!
Be like Sammy. Don't go to college.
Aim for the lower middle.
- Darling.
- Thank you, my dear.
Well, it's a good start.
But I do have some notes.
Do we have to go through them right now?
Unless there's somewhere more important
you have to be.
No. I...
There's just this concert
that Sammy and Kiran invited me to.
That sounds fun.
What kind of concert?
It's just like a rap show. Rap concert.
I think he deserves a night off.
Be home by 11, son.
- Absolutely. Love you, Mom.
- I love you.
- I'll leave the notes on your desk.
- Cool.
"Cool."
All right, I see what you did there.
- Look at all these people.
- They should be lining up to see you, Daryn.
They would be lining up to
see you if you record something.
- You could totally be the next Big Sean.
- Good God, look at these girls.
- Hi.
- Hello. Hi, how are you? I'm Kiran.
Kiran. Kiran.
- She did not pay attention to me.
- That's it, no one else in.
God, we should've come two hours ago.
- We'll never get in.
- If I don't get in, I don't get groupies.
You won't anyway, what's the difference?
- Shut up.
- You shut up.
- It's gonna happen.
- Yo, yo.
- Follow me. I got a plan. I got an idea.
- Follow you where?
Daryn. Daryn! Where...?
- Sorry. What are you doing?
- Get in here. Come. On.
- This is how horror movies start.
- Be cool.
- Just keep your cool.
- Daryn, let's just go back.
- Daryn.
- Chill. Chill. Chill.
- It's all right. Okay.
- Okay.
Daryn, I don't think...
- No.
- This is fate.
This is fate. Let's go. You ready?
You wanna see Big Sean.
Who's trying to talk me into it?
You not gonna go?
- Yeah. Let's go. Let's go.
- Make it bigger for Sammy.
- Let's go.
- I'm not fat anymore. Asshole.
- Oh, thanks for the help.
- Oh, man. Sorry.
Okay. All right.
- All right.
- Oh, I got it. I got it.
Ready?
- You've done this before, huh?
- Shut up.
Yo!
- Who are you?
- Daryn.
I'm Daryn.
Are you, like, with the tour or something?
Duh. Now piss off, square.
Well, just a second
because my friend here has a head injury!
Wait. What?
His mom dropped him when he was very young,
and ever since he has as a condition
to where he can't see things
unless he's on top of other things.
Perfect example, this
thing that you're on top of,
we'd love to watch the show with
you up there for medical reasons.
Right.
- Oh, yeah. I can't see a damn thing!
- You know what I'm saying?
- I am freaking out right now, man!
- You know what I mean?
- I don't know where I am, Daryn.
- Calm down. Do you see this?
- I need to get inside!
- Come on.
- The darkness scares me, Daryn.
- Over here. Over here. Can you help us?
Fifty bucks. Each.
Each? We're paying for his medication
and all, we don't have that money.
Nice try, square. You're wearing loafers.
So either you have money
or you jacked someone who did.
I'm pretty sure it's the first.
Damn it, Daryn.
- All right. How about this, 60 for all of us?
- All right. Show me the paper.
- Deal. Now, you can see...
- Hey!
What...?
- You kids can't be back here.
- Okay. Cool. She said it was fine.
And who is she?
Yeah. What is...? Yeah.
What is your name?
Wait. Is somebody up there?
You can't be up there!
Yeah? Well, I'd like to see you Spider-Man your Hulk
ass up here and do something about it, all right?
- What?
- Yeah.
- Oh, shit!
- Come back here.
You're in for it now!
- Hey. Hey, man. Leave her alone.
- Hands off, kid!
Hey. Hey!
Okay.
Hey, it's cool, man. I used to be fat too.
So we're basically like brothers.
Hey!
Oh, my God. You just punched him!
- Oh, you suck at punching, Daryn!
- My turn.
Up here, big head!
- Oh, my goodness.
- Oh, shit.
Did she just kill him? We're going to jail.
- I don't like blood.
- Yo, hey!
Hey! Hey! Wait!
What's your name?
Isabelle!
- Isabelle.
- Daryn? Oh, shit.
- Daryn.
- You're all dead!
- Shit.
- We're going to hell!
- Daryn!
- Oh, shit!
- Hey! Isabelle!
- Daryn, where are we going?
- Isabelle! Isabelle!
- Come here!
- Go away!
- You're a track star, run faster!
Holy shit!
Yo!
Bro, what's so clutch we had to rush here?
Yeah, Daryn, I shouldn't be here.
Me and this place got
some bad memories, so...
Yeah. I get that.
But I need you guys to just take a
look inside because I need some help.
I know what's inside
because I came here every day after school.
I didn't bring you here
to see what flavor ice cream I want.
There's something in here
that I really need you to see.
- Shit!
- You see?
- You see? Yes.
- The scary girl from the concert. So what?
Yes.
- You like her.
- I mean, No, no, no.
- No, no. It's not like that. It's not like that.
- Even if I did, do you think she likes me?
- No. She doesn't like you.
- Can we go, please?
- Yo, look.
In my 17 years of living, no girl has
ever liked me. Doesn't stop me from trying.
- Right now?
- Yeah, now.
- I'm still in my clothes...
- It doesn't matter. You look good.
It's all good. You're good, baby.
Hey, maybe it's okay
if I just get like a small cone.
But no hot fudge.
Maybe some hot fudge, but no jimmies.
Once a fat kid, always a fat kid.
Welcome to The Big Chill.
What frozen moo juice do you guys want?
- You know...
- Wait a minute.
I know you. You're that
square that owes me 60 bucks.
Yes. I remember, from the concert.
That's crazy that we're running
into each other. I'm Daryn.
Great to see you. Great to see you...
You know what, how's it going? I
think we'll take three small vanilla cones.
One with jimmies and hot fudge, please.
- Do you want any whipped cream with that?
- Yes.
Seven dollars and twenty-three cents.
Thank you.
And $2.77 makes 10.
- Alrighty.
- Don't!
Just don't tip me, okay? If you
tip me I have to sing. So don't.
Well, I gotta hear that.
We got a tip, everybody!
Five, six, seven...
- Wow, that was amazing.
- So good.
Okay. Have a good day, sir. Goodbye!
- Really?
- Sorry.
- I just... It was too good.
- From the top, people!
I'm going on a break.
Wait, wait, wait.
It seems like I made you mad
That's not what I wanna do.
'Cause, baby, me and you
Could go together like a double scoop.
Your green eyes
I'm hypnotized
I need a lemon lime ice cream
I emphasize
I need you in my life
I think that we could chill
And get a bite together.
Please don't walk away
'Cause I'll be tipping you forever.
Now that is ice cream. Yeah.
- So...
- Hell no.
All right. But you know what
makes me feel better after rejection?
- More music.
- Okay, wait.
Hold on. Okay, fine. Fine. You can...
You can walk me home after work.
Okay. Great. That's fantastic.
Okay. I'll be here.
What time do you get off?
- Ten.
- Ten it is.
It's perfect. It's a date.
- It's not a date.
- It sounds like a date.
That's my man right there.
I'll see you then, good times.
- Dude, that was so sick.
- Double scoop.
You're like James Bond.
Can you teach me that?
- I live in Wilkinsburg.
- Yeah?
- So...
- If you drive that in, you're limping out.
So I guess I'm walking you home?
Sure. Whatever.
I like your hair.
So, what school do you go to?
I don't go to school.
Isn't that, like, illegal?
I don't know. Probably.
- Are you...?
- Yeah. Hands off, square, all right?
Hey, come back here. That's my pop.
Well, I stole it! So it's mine now.
Get back here, that's my pop. Hey!
Izzy, hey, I got a free soda.
- That's my pop!
- Well, it's mine now.
- I stole it. Because you're being a discriminating dick!
- Don't you come back, you freak.
- Hey, Izzy, baby.
- What's up, Phil?
Who's Mr. New Sugar?
- His name is Square.
- Hello, ma'am. Good to meet you. I'm Daryn.
Very polite.
And he's got all his teeth.
That's an upgrade for you, Izzy.
Okay, you two lovebirds, I'm gonna
go to work. Leftovers in the fridge.
- Thanks.
- Oh, and don't be too scared.
I know how she gets but even the toughest kitty
cats purr if you know just where to pet them.
- What was that?
- Bye-bye.
- Phil, come on. All right. See you later.
- Bye, Izzy.
- So... So is that your mom?
- No.
- Okay, so dad? That's confusing.
- No?
This is a nice place.
It's a shit-box. I'm poor, not blind.
So I think that, you know, I think me
and you should, like, go on a proper date.
I don't date squares.
Well, I think you should because
you know, we're smart, we're punctual,
we can pay for stuff.
You can use us to draw straight lines.
Okay, fine. But just once,
and mostly out of pity.
Okay. Great. Saturday, here. I'll pick
you up at 7. It's a date. It will be fun.
- It's not a date.
- Okay. Okay. Have a good night.
In your holy and precious
name we pray. Amen.
- Amen.
I have some good news.
The Maxwells have invited us over
to a reception on Saturday.
David Maxwell's brother
is on the board of trustees for Harvard.
- Nice.
- I... I actually had plans for Saturday.
Are these plans more important
than your future, son?
Nine o'clock sharp, Daryn.
Nine o'clock sharp.
What's that with the clock,
twitchy? Got a hot date?
No. It's just this thing
that my dad is making me go to later.
But I got an early reservation
at Creme Petite. So...
Nice. Who you going there with?
Well, you.
Hi, I'm Isabelle, the girl that you think
is impressed by fancy clothes, a nice car,
and a restaurant full of old people.
I'm sorry. I just... I
don't know... I just...
I've never been out with
anyone like you before.
Meaning?
Meaning someone that I really like.
Oh, shit. Okay. Fine.
Take a left at the lights.
I know a good place.
Okay.
Order up!
- Is this even food?
- It's the best kind of food.
This...
looks like Freddy Kruger's ball sack.
- Wow, delicious ball sack.
- You kind of catch my drift?
Yeah.
- Just try it, Square.
- Well, how about this? How about this?
I'll try it if you tell me
why you don't go to school.
Who cares?
Don't you feel it's important
for your life? For the future?
- What future?
- What do you mean?
Like, scholarship, Harvard.
Law school. Clerking.
- You got it all planned out.
- Yeah.
I mean, me and my dad,
we try to formulate a plan and just...
Wait a minute. Papa Square.
That would be your rap name.
- No. I'm not... I'm not gonna be...
- Makes you sound old.
- Square. Son of Square.
- I'm not gonna be a rapper. It's just... It's not practical.
Square-Squared.
Look, you're good. I've seen you do it.
It doesn't matter. Just between
Honor Society, Student Council, track...
Can you hear yourself?
You're just listing off bullshit.
It's like:
That's not bullshit. That's my life.
I hold the state record in the 5,000 meter.
- Is that what you really want though? Out of life?
- It's not about what I want.
It's about identifying a goal and making and reaching
that goal, making it happen, making it a reality.
You sound like a robot.
Do you know how hard it is to get into
Harvard? They take less than 6 percent.
Less than 6 percent.
That's six out of a hundred.
Do you realize how little that is? Six
percent... Greatness requires sacrifice.
You can't do what you
want. Do you know that?
- Why not?
- Prison.
Look, just because I know what I want
doesn't mean I always get it, okay?
But at least I'm honest with
myself about what I want.
That's why I don't go to
school, because I don't want to.
Now dig in. It's gonna get cold.
Come on.
- This is just disgusting.
- In your mouth.
Yeah?
There you go.
- That's good.
- Yeah.
- Look, everyone! Square has joined the human race.
Welcome to the human race, Square.
Welcome. Welcome to the human race.
I've been in the crew...
In the human race crew...
What do you actually want?
You? Not your dad, not your mom.
What do you want?
I wanna take you out again.
Well, I can assure you, Mr. Maxwell,
that it's not like Daryn to be late.
No, not at all.
Here he is.
- Oh, poor dear.
- I'm so sorry.
- I'm sorry. Car troubles.
- Daryn, this is James Maxwell.
- How are you, sir?
- Your father told me your quite an athlete.
- Captain of the track team and his not quite yet a senior.
- Sir?
You humiliated me, son.
Don't let it happen again.
- I'm sorry. You were saying?
- Harvard.
- Of course.
- Yes.
So one more?
One more.
It does?
Yes. Thank you.
- One more?
- One more.
One more?
One more.
- Hey.
- Hey, hold on a second.
- Who is she?
- Who is who?
She's just a girl.
- Does this girl have a name?
- Isabelle.
Here's the thing, son.
School has started, which
means summer is over.
This little fling of yours
is starting to become a real distraction.
What does greatness require?
- Sacrifice.
- Sacrifice, son.
Sacrifice.
Do you really think that was necessary?
You didn't see her.
Believe me, a girl like this has no future.
It's better it ended now.
I wish my dad was a drag queen.
Phil's cool but he's not my dad.
- I never really knew my father.
- What about your mom?
Well, she left when I was 6.
Classic Wilkinsburg junkie.
Where is she now?
Who cares?
Phil was babysitting and just,
you know, kept on babysitting.
- So are you thirsty at all?
- What?
Just because... I could just use some water
because I get thirsty.
Okay. You can come up, but you're not,
you know, getting up in me or whatever.
I just wanted some water.
Don't touch anything.
I wasn't going to.
Here's your water.
Yeah. It's supposed to be that color.
Okay.
- Wow, you really were thirsty.
- Yeah.
So...
you like the beach?
Yeah, I do.
I like to imagine that
I'm floating on the waves.
Just laying back and letting
the whole ocean lift you up.
It's probably the closest
I'll ever get though.
A bunch of crappy postcards.
- I mean, we could just go to the beach though.
- Yeah, sure.
I'll get my bikini.
Yeah. Yeah.
- Yeah. No, but we could really go. Yeah.
- You're serious?
- We shouldn't have done that.
- What's wrong?
- Nothing.
- What do you mean, "nothing"?
You were just kissing me, now you're not.
- Your gonna have to leave.
- But people do things when they're dating.
We're not dating, Daryn.
- Then what are we doing?
- We're hanging out.
- That's what dating is. Is there another guy?
- No.
- You have some hidden boyfriend?
- There's not another guy.
Do you like me?
- We've been hanging out for two months. Do you like me?
- I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
- It's not that simple.
- Yes, it is, Izzy.
Do you like me or not?
- I don't like you, okay? Just leave it.
- What?
Okay. Well, I don't
care because I love you.
- Oh, my God. Please.
- What do you mean?
- Okay. Please.
- I can't.
Everywhere I look, I see you.
Even when it's not you, I'm just chasing after
somebody. I seen green hair, I thought it was you.
- You got to leave. Get out.
- You're telling me to leave?
- No, I'm not gonna leave because I love you!
- Stop! Just stop!
- Stop what? I can't what?
- You can't!
- Daryn, stop! Please!
- I love you! I love you.
I have a year to live, if that.
Still love me now, Daryn?
Still love me now?
- We can figure something...
- There is no "we"!
Get out of my house. Get out! Get out!
Shit.
You know what?
Get up.
Get up! Both of you. Up. Come on.
Just do it. Trust me. Up. Come on.
Get up.
Scream.
What?
The universe is an asshole.
They gave your girl cancer. Don't just
take it. Yell in its face. Do it right now.
- Do it.
- Why?
Sometimes that's all you can do, right?
- Trust me.
- I can't. I...
Suck this, big universe!
- That's it. Do it.
- Come on. Try it.
Do it.
- I hate you, universe!
- Yeah. There it is.
- You punk-ass-bully-bitch, universe!
- Yeah!
- Up yours, universe!
- Why did you do that?
- Terrible universe!
- You suck! You suck so much!
Seventeen years! Still a virgin!
I'm still humping a pumpkin!
And you give him everything that he wants!
Goddamn white Kevin-Hart-looking
piece of shit. And I can't get anything?
I'm shaving all this shit trying
to be pretty for y'all and it's still...
- Kiran!
- It's not...
What are you doing?
- No. Yeah, I know. I just felt like...
- "Shaving my shit." What was that?
You really shave that shit?
- Yeah. Every other week.
- Why?
- Because my mom says that it adds...
- Your mom?
- Did you just say your...? Dude.
- No.
- You have this weird relationship with your mom.
- We're not that close.
Nothing from Harvard yet.
It's still too early but you never know.
You're gonna get in, son.
You're gonna get in. It's just a formality.
I know it's not always easy,
but nothing worthwhile ever is.
Life can be hard, son.
That's why we make plans. Hear me?
That's why we make plans.
I gotta go, Dad. Thank you.
I love you and... Izzy!
Izzy, I know it sounds crazy
but I love you. I'm serious.
And I don't care if you only have a year to leave, if
it's the rest of your life then it's everything to me!
Izzy, I have a plan. I have a plan, Izzy.
We're gonna live our whole life, all the
milestones. Everything that we can think off.
A full, a whole, a complete life.
All in this year. Me and you.
Go away, Daryn, okay? I
don't believe in happy endings.
Well, believe in me, Iz.
I'm serious about this, Izzy.
I think this is a really, really good idea.
It's gonna be like freaking Disneyland.
I don't even know what
that means. And I'm...
Izzy, I know it's hard to believe
but I love you. I'm dead serious and...
One condition.
Anything.
You have to stop saying I love you.
Everybody thinks they're in
love until they're not. It's not real.
There's just people that
aren't the worst right now.
Do we have a deal?
Deal.
- What was that?
- First milestone.
All right, guys.
- Come on, Nacho.
- Milestones are complete.
MILESTONES
Very OCD of you, Daryn.
I still say running the
old A-train is a milestone.
Why is the ass hairy?
Look, this is my attic, okay?
I'll draw the ass how I want to.
- You want the ass to be hairy?
- It's not hairy. It's like...
- Then what is that?
- Guys, guys! Cool? Yeah?
- Sorry.
- This is the whole plan.
So, what we're gonna do is we're gonna plot
these milestones throughout the whole year.
All right. All right. What's first?
Lovebirds needs a nest.
- Yeah. That feels like a just-Daryn thing.
- Yeah.
Have fun, buddy.
The neo-brutalist foundation is accentuated
by finishes in maple, marble, granite, glass,
and, of course, brushed aluminum.
Does anyone have any questions
at this point? What is it now?
Darling, do you know how many Indian
burial grounds this house is built upon?
None. There's no burial grounds here.
- Bullocks! Blasphemy!
- Big bullocks!
Okay. Stop it. Stop. You're not British.
- I'm so British.
- Slander!
I have half a mind to report you
to the bumbershoots!
A bumbershoot is an umbrella.
Okay. Look, you've had your fun. Now it's time
to run along, okay? Go home to your parents.
Maybe you're right Maybe we
are just kids playing make-believe.
Maybe?
Or maybe this kid here
just sold 2 million albums
and finished a world
tour opening for Big Sean.
Maybe Rolling Stone
called him the voice of a generation
and Kanye is about to
drop on his next single.
And maybe when he gets on that mic,
minds are blown and panties are thrown.
Ladies and gentleman, D-Square.
Come on. Give them a taste.
- Taste of what?
- Your skills.
Or maybe...
Run!
- To the bumbershoots!
- Bumbershoots!
Every open house, huh?
Oh, that was good.
Major flaw.
- This was you. You messed up.
- This was you.
I'm almost positive November comes
before December. Who put this shit up here?
All right.
So watch this one. Boom, there it is.
Start the engine. Turn. Turn.
- Okay. I'm taking my hands off the wheel.
- No!
Okay. Okay. I'm sorry.
- Excuse me. Oh, sorry, sir.
- This is a hospital.
- Thank you.
- I'll be back in a bit.
Does that hurt?
I'm getting used to it.
So this joker over here,
that's Sleepy Simon.
He thinks prostate cancer
is worse than ovarian cancer.
We've got a pretty hefty bet
who's gonna kick it first.
He thinks he's got it in the bag
but I'm feeling pretty lucky.
Stop saying stuff like
that, Izzy. You're fine.
- Are you still gonna like me when I look like that?
- No.
- No?
You're never gonna look like that.
- You're a 10, baby. But that's a 12 over there.
- Lucky bastard.
Tina Tuna.
- Salmon L. Jackson.
- Good Gill Hunting.
- For Cod sake. It doesn't matter what you call him.
- Okay. That was good.
It's a Wilkinsburg fish.
He'll be dead in an hour.
No. No. Not true. Just need some vitamins.
Maybe some fish oils.
- Your place is this way.
- Come on. We're making a stop.
- To where?
- Just come with me.
Open up!
- Are those bullet holes?
- Probably.
Don't be knocking on
my door like the police.
- What's up, Ron? Ron, this is Daryn.
- What up, Iz?
- Daryn, this is Ron.
- How are you, sir?
- Great to meet you.
- Your fish is dead, kid.
- What did I tell you? Come on.
- Izzy. Izzy, what are we even doing here?
Buying crack.
Okay, Daryn, welcome home.
Cool, right?
This is insane. I was not
expecting this to be down here.
That's the idea.
Dopeheads find out about all this, they'd
be here like roaches in a cereal box.
- Shit.
- Ron used to be a big deal.
A long, long, long time ago.
- That's cold, Iz.
- I'm joking.
- It's a really nice spot you've got here, Ron.
- Thank you, yo.
That's called my booth of proof.
So let me see what you got.
- Me?
- No, no, that goofy kid behind you.
No.
No, like, I don't, like... I don't make
music. Like, I never been in one of this...
In a recording space before.
- Don't look so nervous. Get in.
- I don't rap.
- He's kidding. Let's go. Come on.
- I don't... Seriously. No, no. I don't...
- Come on, let's go. Hurry up.
- Izzy, I just... All right.
Dude, you're wasting time.
Stop talking. Start rapping. Go.
Just don't choke, okay?
I'm kidding.
- Shark Tank starts in 20. Let's get it.
- Okay.
Yeah. Okay.
Hey, yo, when the beat drops,
you start spitting, all right?
Okay, cool. What is the drop that
you're referring to? What does that mean?
- I'll count you in right here.
- Okay.
- Spit.
- This is the beat dropping? It just happened?
- Right there? Okay.
- Yeah, yo.
- That's where I'm supposed to be rapping, right?
- Just do you.
- Okay?
- Don't touch my button.
- I know. You get sensitive...
- Let me...
You're right. Just do
me. Just do me. All right.
Here it comes again.
Yo, titties in my face
Drop a hundred million on a chain.
Strippers in the back
Of the whip like that.
Grab 100K in my Winnie the Pooh blanket
Had a sad time, then I'm drinking
I got cash
Hella cash
I'm in a Rolls-Royce.
I thought you said he was good.
Now I got a hundred dollar...
Had to do it like a kind of sin
I turned 10
It's a young boys school...
What are you doing?
You're embarrassing me
with weird wannabe-ass titty rap.
I don't even know where I am.
I don't even wanna be in here.
- This is where you wanna be.
- You're embarrassing me.
- I'll let y'all figure it out while I get a beer.
- Dude, sit down!
And you, say something! You're wasting my time! Or
is this not part of your perfectly created plan?
No, this is not part of the plan, come on.
Ron, did you know that Daryn has a plan?
Him and his daddy have it all figured out.
He's gonna go to Harvard
because that's what his daddy wants.
You know what? They only take 6 percent.
- Six percent, seems crazy.
- Yeah, it's crazy.
Couldn't believe it's that easy.
I wish my odds were that good.
But they're not. I don't
have a future. My odds suck!
But I get it. This is hard, right?
But running, that's easy for you. You're good at
that. You got the state record and everything.
So you know what? Run home, Daddy's boy,
because I haven't got time for this shit.
See you later, Ron. I'm sorry.
- Iz.
- What you know about my life, huh?
- Nothing!
- Iz.
What you know about the 5 a.m. running
before the sun up? Nothing!
How you dare disrespect me?
5k record holder
Captain of the track.
City on my shoulder
Thought I told you
I'm the illest and the fastest
These jokers trash.
And they moving slower than molasses
I'm about to pass them
I'm taking off like a rocket.
But please, don't worry, baby girl
'Cause I got this.
Yo
Man, I got this.
You should worry about your life
How you expected to survive?
Man, I got this
I'm your guy
And you know that I got this.
Oh, my God.
I can't believe
What I finally achieved.
Man, you got me in a stu
I don't think I'll ever leave.
Man, my heart is racing
You can see my pulse through my sleeve.
The flow is biblical
Now I'm parting the sea.
Jeez
Now I think I'm starting to see.
Man, I need to shake off Harvard
Get my heart in the street.
But that isn't the man
I was brought up to be
I'm thinking about my father
It gets harder to breathe.
Like, wait
Do I got this?
Man, I'm worried about my life
How am I expected to survive?
Do I got this?
Now I'm tripping
Because I don't think I got this.
If being a son is a job
You should fire me
I'm sick of buying ties and competing with
Ivy-League Honor roll kids.
Trying to make it high society
My life is a marathon.
It don't have no privacy
From the ghost of my father's shadow
I hope in my life
I could take it far
I know I care
My baby girl got me drawn in.
The boy is sick
You got a towel, then throw it in
Ron looking at my face
Like, "We need more of this".
Damn, why can't you let me be
Who I wanna be?
Life is love
My love is right in front of me.
You made me so passive
And this is my reaction.
When you only pay attention to goals
That's what happens, yo.
Man, I got this.
You should worry about your life
How you expected to survive?
Man, I got this.
Are you gonna buy a ride?
Man, I got this, yo
Isabelle, I got this.
We got our whole life
No watches.
Now we about to fly a plane
In a cockpit
I'm your guy
And you know that I got this, yo.
Oh, my God.
I got this. Oh, man.
I got this!
- I got this!
- Here it is, here it is, here it is.
- I'm proud of you, Square.
- Congratulations.
Oh, my goodness.
Do you have, like, an iCloud account
or, like, a thumb drive or something?
- Dude, clouds are for cupids, man.
- What's that mean?
Look, if you want folks to feel your music,
you gotta feel it first.
You know what I mean? You
gotta touch it, feel it, smell it. Okay?
Yeah, I like it.
Thank you. Thank you.
- I'm gonna get back to my shark tank.
- I really appreciate this, bro. I really...
Whoa, industry rule 489. Hip-hoppers,
we don't hug. We just hit it right here.
- Okay. Bump. There it is.
- Bump.
Ron doesn't like touching, okay?
- See you later.
- See you next time, bro.
Oh, shit.
How many people do you think drowned here?
I say, around 3,000.
Mostly witches though.
Yeah, it's definitely creepy.
- What's up, Square? What's wrong?
- Okay.
- Okay. Sit down. What's going on?
- Okay. Okay.
- Isabelle...
- Oh, shit.
Will you marry me?
Are you really asking me to marry you
or is this just another milestone?
Well, this is...
- Yes. I'm asking you...
- How's Friday?
- Wow, yeah, this is beautiful.
- This Friday?
Yeah, you're right. That's too far away. We
should do it tomorrow, right? That's a great idea.
- Okay, yeah, that's...
- Yeah, I can see it now.
Everyone in black tie, except
me, of course. I'll be in white.
Bright, bright white, just like our cake,
which will be shaped like our love.
We'll have a perfect fairy-tale wedding. And
we'll go on our honeymoon, to Niagara Falls.
We'll get a suite and a heart-shaped bed.
And then, we'll get to work
making babies, am I right?
We need a shit-ton of babies
if I'm gonna have a happily ever after.
Except I can't have a happily ever after.
Don't you get it?
What...? What is going on?
What have you done now?
Oh, guys. Oh, my God.
I'm sorry. I just thought
you would like it.
- Why don't we just stick to make-believe, okay?
- Yeah.
- I'm sorry.
- No, no, no, it's okay. I'm sorry.
I'm sticking to make-believe.
- Are you cold?
- Yeah, let's go back home. Sorry.
- I'm cold. I'm just...
- Let's go back home.
Yeah, see, I'm freezing.
If I get pumped full of radiation, I should at
least have superpowers or something, you know?
I mean, come on.
Where's...? Where's Sleepy Simon?
Sleepy Simon won the bet.
What about the ability to control ants?
I thought about that quite a lot, like... There's
10 trillion ants in the world. Did you know that?
Thank you, baby.
No problem, let's get you in bed.
Do you wanna stay?
I can't. I have to... I have homework.
I get it. I'm just gonna
buzz out of your way.
They're from my mom.
Every birthday, Christmas, and Thanksgiving
for the last 12 years.
Speaking of parents...
mine wanna meet you.
Izzy?
- Izzy.
- I'm awake.
I'm just picturing what an
epic disaster that's gonna be.
So count me in.
I think you're really gonna like Isabelle,
Dad. She's really awesome. And Phil...
Phil is...
Right just on time.
- Yeah, Dad, let me get this.
- Son, I got it.
I made a casserole.
Which one of you is Isabelle?
- Please, come on in.
- It's so nice to meet you, sir.
- Please, come in.
- I got you something.
It's small and stupid, but...
Thank you. It's Christmas Eve. I should've
gotten something for you, and I didn't.
- And I feel terrible.
- You messed up.
- Yes, I did.
- I must be rubbing off on you.
Thank you.
Let me get this for you.
Xavier and I, we went to
Wilkinsburg High School,
and then we moved
into this tiny, shabby studio apartment
about two blocks away from the tap house.
That place is now the Club Mirella,
and shield your eyes
for you are gazing upon their headliner.
Oh, no applause, please. Hey, stop that.
Nasty girl. I told you, no applause.
- Isabelle, you must be very proud of your father.
- I don't have a father.
- I'm more of a super-fun au pair.
- Yeah.
Well, you'll have to get us tickets.
- I can't believe you guys are from Wilkinsburg.
- Yes.
- Xavier was a janitor, and then he bought the company.
- I believe the proper term is custodial attendant.
- Thank you. I appreciate that.
- From Wilkinsburg to all this.
- That is very inspirational.
- Well, we're very blessed.
What we did is we worked hard.
Wilkinsburg is no place to raise a child.
Oh, I don't know. You
turned out just fine, diva.
You're just saying that
because you see the house we live in now.
You didn't see the toilets I had to clean,
or the days we went hungry.
It wasn't that bad.
Nights sitting in a chair with a broom,
keeping the rats out of Daryn's crib.
- I don't remember any of that.
- Good. It's because we made a plan.
But sometimes, bad shit just happens.
I mean, some stuff you can't
keep away with a broom, right?
Apparently not.
You know, I just love these candlesticks.
Are they silver?
Actually, I believe those are pewter.
- So, Isabelle, where do you go to school?
- She's homeschooled, actually.
- What about college?
- I hadn't given it much thought yet.
- Not everybody is destined for higher education.
- I actually couldn't agree more.
I think the world could do with a few
less fancy degrees and a few more artists.
- Who live in their parents' basements.
- Like half of all college grads?
- Dessert?
- Daryn is destined to do great things.
- Maybe he's already doing great things.
- The first steps to any plan is identifying a proper goal.
Harvard undergraduate first.
- Then, Yale Law.
- I just got exhausted even listening to that shit.
Not everybody can be a super-fun au pair.
- Maybe that's enough, Xavier.
- Because I'm his father, and he is my son.
- Dad.
- We have a responsibility to each other.
- He puts his faith in me, and I protect him.
- From what, zombies?
- No, from you.
- Excuse you!
- Girls like you, girls your type.
- Dad.
- I am so sorry.
- Dad!
- ...distraction that you've become in his life.
- Dad, I got waitlisted!
Excuse me?
- Well, that's not a no, so let's remain positive.
- When did you find this out?
- A week or two ago.
- And you're just telling me this now?
- I'm sure he had a reason.
- Stop coddling him!
Don't you see he's throwing his life
away for you? How can you be this selfish?
- I mean, there's no future here.
- Okay, enough. Let's go. We're going.
- I am really sorry.
- Stand up. Here we go, sweetheart.
Daryn.
Come here, sweetheart. Easy.
- Thank you for the wonderful dinner, Catherine.
- I'm sorry.
And this is mine now, bitch.
I hope you're happy, son.
I managed to get us a meeting with James
Maxwell. We have to be perfect in there, son.
Don't focus so much on athletic accomplishments,
and make sure to mention Honors Society.
All right, hey, just stick to the
script, okay? Just stick to the script.
One foot and then the other.
- I see you've been waitlisted.
- Yes, sir.
At least it's not a no.
Yeah, yeah, your grades
have slipped a little lately.
A temporary situation
that has been rectified.
Honestly, this is just a paper
that tells me what you've done.
What I'm really interested
in is who you are.
Well, I'm captain of the varsity track team.
I'm a member of National Honors Society.
And I have the state
record in the 5000-meter...
And I have a...
...GPA of...
I'm listing a bunch of bullshit right now.
Here's who I am.
I might suck at punching people, but I
can get an entire ice cream shop going.
I can eat like a person,
but I can also be an asshole.
I know that greatness requires sacrifice, hard work, and
dedication, but I also know that clouds are for cupids.
And some things you just
can't keep away with a broom.
And I know that I have to be true to myself
before I can be true to her, but...
she's not here right now.
I'm sorry. I've wasted your
time, sir. So I'm gonna go.
- And nice to see you again, Daryn.
- It's good to see you as well, Mr. Maxwell.
- I gotta go.
- Excuse me for a moment.
How did it go?
Wait!
You're a stupid, selfish child.
All this hard work, all this sacrifice, you're
just gonna throw it away for a damn girl?
- Her name is Isabelle! She's not just some damn girl!
- Xavier!
- We had a plan!
- You know what I think of that plan?
Let me show you what I think!
- Hey! Come here!
- Xavier!
- Let me show you what I think about your plan!
- Hey!
- I hate your plan!
- What are you doing? Stop it! Stop!
- I've always hated it!
- Stop! Stop! Stop!
- Stop!
- Hey! Don't you dare!
We had a plan, son.
- This is what we worked for. This is your dream.
- This is your dream!
This is your dream!
You don't even know my dreams!
I have always supported you,
but I will not lose my son over this.
Daryn?
Isabelle.
Isabelle!
Izzy. Izzy, please, no!
I'm done with this! I'm over
with it! It's not like before!
I'm so sorry, Izzy. I should have never
let my father treat you like that.
I was just so nervous about Harvard, about
our future, about so many things, Izzy,
but that was so stupid, and I
should have stood up for you.
I know that it's too late,
but I tore down the plan.
- I'm done with it.
- Hey, shut up!
Yo, you shut up!
Izzy, don't go! I just...
No more milestones, no more pretending,
no more fairy tales and make-believe!
None of that! I just... I don't want
the life that we should have had...
I just want our life.
Get up. Drama queen.
One more?
One more.
Let's go.
Where are we going, Square?
What? Where are you taking me?
We'll see.
Oh, mysterious Square.
If I tickle you, will you tell me?
- See, there's just police. There's police.
- Square!
Look, baby.
- You can't see anything! We're gonna crash!
- Baby.
All right.
I think this is all we have.
Don't worry. I got this.
How you doing?
Isabelle! Izzy! Izzy, start the car!
You are insane!
Come on. Come on.
Come on. Let's go. Let's go.
- All right.
- Get back here, you are done!
- Balls, balls, balls!
- You piece of shit!
I'm gonna kill you!
Oh, my God!
Holy shit! Oh, my God,
he had a baseball bat!
- That was amazing. I am so proud of you, you weirdo.
- All right. That's great.
- Okay.
- I can't believe it.
You robbed your first shop.
Oh, my gosh.
This is pretty cool, Square.
Thank you.
Fire, yo.
Oh, my God.
- What is that?
- Come on, just take one good guess.
- Look.
- Oh, my God... Iz!
- Izzy, what is that?
- It's a baby hedgehog.
- You should put it back.
- What are you talking about?
His mom's roadkill. He's an orphan.
- Okay.
- Poor little guy.
I'm gonna name him Square, after you.
Kind of like George Foreman,
when he names all his kids George.
- Yeah.
- Square Jr., meet Papa Square.
Whoa, whoa, baby, baby, are you okay?
I'm fine. I'm totally fine.
This is why you shouldn't do drugs.
- Oh, I don't feel good.
- Poor Papa Square.
What did you do? Eat it?
- What was that?
- Nothing. Some idiot just broke a lamp.
Oh, my God, this is insane.
- So I think Big Sean's performing here tomorrow.
- We should go.
- Maybe this time, we'll actually get to see the show.
- Yeah, that would be a lot of fun.
Oh, is it too much? Do I look stupid?
No. Not at all. You
look absolutely amazing.
Hey, wait.
It's okay.
It's okay, baby.
You're so beautiful.
This is amazing!
This is so awesome!
He's so good.
Hey! Look. I made you something.
- What's this?
- It's the demo you recorded. I made it all fancy for you.
Iz, are you serious?
- Listen, you have to give it to Big Sean.
- This is awesome. D... Wait, what?
- All right? Come on, Daryn.
- I can't give this to Big Sean
- I'm not joking, all right? You have to do this!
- How?
You'll figure it out. Just promise me.
- Promise?
- Okay, yeah, I promise.
Okay. Here.
- Hey.
- Take Junior. I've got to run, all right?
- Good luck.
- Run where? What are you going?
- Izzy, whatever you're...
- Hey, Hulk Ass!
Yeah, you! Remember me?
- How's that shnoz of yours?
- You!
Hey! Come here!
- I'll meet you at the car!
- Hey! Stop her!
One foot then the other.
Hey, thank you, Philly!
What is that thing?
- This is a...
- Yo, is that a hedgehog?
Yeah. Yeah, this is Square Jr.
Man, he's your biggest fan. I swear he's
got all your albums in chronological order.
- Yo, I gotta get a photo.
- Oh, yeah.
- Yeah.
- Let's do it.
- You, take the photo of me and the hedgehog.
- Oh, yeah. Sure.
- That's so cool.
- Totally, right?
- Okay, one, two, three.
- One more.
I love animals.
- Put the hedgehog up a little more.
- Yeah, yeah.
- No, just... It's all right.
- I do love animals. There you go.
- Here you go.
- Oh, yeah, thanks.
Hi, little guy.
- Brian, what happened to your nose, man?
- What?
Some big dude jumped me.
- Again?
- Yeah, again.
You gotta be more careful, man.
Yeah, whatever.
- My bodyguard needs a bodyguard.
- I'll protect you!
Yo, yo, is there...?
And then, he's like, "Is that a hedgehog?"
I'm like, "Yeah, this is Square Jr."
He's like, "We have to get a pic."
Then the security guard comes back,
so I have to hide behind that person
that was taking the picture,
And then... And then, he goes.
The security guard leaves again.
I gave him the CD.
I was like, "Hey, will you listen to this?"
And he was like, "Yeah, sure."
And I was like, "Wow."
The fact that he would even take
that from a fan, I was like, "Okay, cool."
That was really, really awesome for me,
but maybe he'll actually listen to the CD.
You know, maybe in the car on the way home, whatever.
But, you know, that would be really, really cool.
Just to hear feedback. I don't know. I just
hope I can meet him again, one day, too.
See if he likes it. Regardless...
Izzy.
Cutie-pie.
- We're here.
- Where?
Look.
Shit.
- Izzy...
- Shit.
- Izzy.
- You're an asshole.
- That's my mom.
- That's your mom.
- What is wrong with you?
You're so stupid.
Why? Why did you do this?
- I thought...
- I could kill you right now. How did you even find her?
The postcards were a start.
But Sammy and Kiran helped a lot.
Oh, my God, I'm gonna kill them,
and then, I'm gonna kill you.
- She looks old.
- Maybe I'm crazy,
- but I think you should go talk to her.
- What?
- What am I gonna say?
- I mean, you're Isabelle,
you can do anything.
And I'm gonna be right here.
Okay?
- Balls, balls, balls...
Hi.
Isabelle?
What are you doing here?
Mommy?
Go inside. Mommy will be right in
in a minute.
Go inside, baby.
Is that you, Amanda?
You have to go.
Please.
Mommy, who is that?
Come on, baby.
I'll make you a snack, okay? Good girl.
Inside.
Let's go.
I didn't...
Daryn, please don't, just...
- I didn't...
- Stop talking.
Izzy...
In an interview, Sean says that sometimes it's
not the destination, it's the journey that...
Really, Daryn? You are throwing Big Sean
at my face right now?
Are you joking?
- Are you really doing that, Daryn?
- What's wrong? What did I do?
You don't even... I'm so stupid.
- I'm so stupid! Why did I do that?
- Izzy!
Calm down! You're gonna hurt yourself.
Don't touch me! Don't ever touch me again!
You are disgusting.
- You're just like everybody else.
- What did I do?
You promised! You promised
and you lied to me! You're a liar.
- I lied to you?
- I saw you, Daryn.
I saw you with Big Sean.
Why did I trust you? Get me out of the car.
Let me out of the car!
Stop the car, I'm getting out!
- Get off me.
- What are you doing?
Let me out of the goddamn car!
- Get me out of this car!
- We're in the middle of a...
Izzy, watch out!
Are you okay...?
Isabelle, wait.
Izzy!
I'm sorry!
Isabelle.
Okay, I'm sorry, I didn't give it to him.
I lied. All right?
What if he didn't like it? What if he laughed
at me? I chickened out. I'm sorry, Isabelle.
She wanted to be a mom,
but she didn't wanna be my mom.
- What's wrong with me?
- There's nothing wrong with you.
You gotta go. You gotta get away from me...
- Please go.
- There's nothing wrong with you.
There's nothing wrong with you.
Izzy! Izzy! Izzy!
What's going on? Izzy!
Somebody help us! Please!
Look, we're at the beach.
Izzy, we're at the beach.
We're here. Look. We got the
sand all around us and everything.
It's just like your dream.
The ovarian tumor has metastasized.
It's in her blood. In her organs.
Here's the schedule for her meds.
She's gotta keep to it.
What about chemo?
That's done.
It isn't about treatment anymore.
It's about management.
Managing her pain.
Managing your expectations.
But she wasn't in any pain.
I imagine she was hiding
just how much pain she was in.
So you're leaving?
Call me if you have
any questions. I'm sorry.
Sammy, if you do a grocery run on Wednesday
that will give me time to clean
while the hospice worker is here.
Kiran, you're on pharmacy duty.
I'll call in the orders, you pick them up.
Sure.
- Thank you, guys. I really appreciate it.
- No problem.
It's mine.
Why are you still here?
Hey, baby.
The instructions say that you can't take
your medication on an empty stomach.
So I made some pancakes for you.
I thought it would be the best...
All right.
Good thing I made more.
They'll end up on the floor too.
You know what, baby? I love making pancakes.
I almost went to culinary school, okay?
So I'm just gonna do my training
in here right now, just all the blades:
Like I'm a freaking ninja...
So there was this douchebag security guard
and Daryn punched him in the face.
I don't believe you. My baby
did not do that. He is not a fighter.
I promise you he did.
He was just really bad at it.
- Mom?
- Good morning.
What are you doing here?
Well, a friend gave me VIP tickets
to Club Mirella, and I couldn't resist.
So here I am.
So the three of us have decided
that you really need to take a day off.
Hang with Sammy and Kiran, do something.
Your mother will take care of Izzy
when I go to work.
I promise I'll be fine.
- Are you sure?
- Yes, I'm sure.
- Will you do me one favor though?
- Anything.
You really need to
shower. You smell so bad.
- I thought that was me.
- That's enough. Come on.
- Thank you so much for allowing me to come back.
- All good. All good.
- What you got for me?
- Something. But it's rough.
That's more than most people got.
Oh, my God! Isabelle!
- Oh, my God.
- Mom?
- She's bleeding from her mouth! Oh, God.
- Izzy!
- Call 911. Call 911 right now!
- Where's my phone?
Let's get you on your side.
Yes, spit it out. Good girl.
- Is she breathing?
- Yes, she's breathing.
Everything's gonna be okay.
We have an emergency. Yes. 440 Holland...
Everything's gonna be fine.
Everything's gonna be fine. It's gonna
be okay. Everything's gonna be fine.
- How is she?
- She's stable. She's resting now.
Isabelle's teratoma has caused fluid
to build up in her abdominal cavity.
Vomiting is a common symptom.
- Okay.
So, what's next?
- We're gonna adjust her medication.
- And then what?
- Pardon?
- After you adjust her medication, then what?
- That's all we can do for such a young...
- What do you mean that's all you can do?
This is all we can do for a patient
as advanced as Isabelle.
The cancer has spread through her
entire body. Her organs are shutting down.
It's just a matter of weeks now. Sorry.
Makes no sense at all. That makes no sense.
We need new doctors. We need
new everything! Where is she?
Isabelle! We're going!
We're leaving now because they don't know
what the fuck they're doing in this place!
Izzy! Izzy! Baby!
- Isabelle!
- Daryn.
Isabelle! You'd still be okay right now
if I didn't go anywhere!
- No!
- Mom! Not right now!
- Listen to me!
- Not right now!
Stop it!
She is going to die.
- Why would you say that?
- Because that is the truth!
That is the truth!
You have done everything that you can do
for her, Daryn.
She's not gonna die! She's not gonna die!
She's not gonna die!
Stop it.
- I can't breathe.
- Stop it.
Hey, baby.
I have somebody here to see you.
Is it Make A Wish?
Because there's some
weird shit I still want.
Iz?
Iz, please.
Mom.
I'm sorry.
I'm so, so sorry.
She was ashamed...
and afraid that she
would lose her new family.
That's why she didn't come back
after she got clean.
Why did you make her go?
Because there's some shit
you just don't get to come back from.
Come on, baby.
But I got to say goodbye.
Thank you.
Close your eyes.
I'll never forget you, Square.
- What's wrong?
- It's okay.
Go back to sleep.
Hey, pretty girl.
I need your help with something.
Phil told me to drop this off.
Should I just leave it with you?
I look like a mailbox?
My guy.
What's...? What's going on?
- A wedding is what's going on.
- Really?
Who's getting married?
You are, brother.
You guys are hilarious.
Yeah.
- Are you being serious?
- Yeah.
No. Who's actually getting married?
This is your moment.
Strut.
Our little boy is all grown up.
Hi.
Mom.
- Ron.
- What's up, playa?
What's up?
Look, look.
- Look at that.
- He's so cute.
- Oh, my God.
- Square Jr., he's adorable.
Where did you guys...?
Isabelle made us look for it.
We found it in the sewer.
Don't worry. We cleaned it.
- Did you clean it?
- Yeah, I cleaned it.
Thank you.
Did you do all of this for me?
I did.
But I thought you said...
Can't a classy bitch change her mind?
Do you wanna marry me or not, Square?
I do.
You better.
Because I'm about to
marry the shit out of you.
They say a day to God is a thousand years.
And people walk around
with a thousand fears.
But the true joy of love
That's why we all are here.
And with a pure heart
You can live life in a year.
From the power vested in me
by the online Internet reverend service,
I pronounce you man and wife.
Isabelle?
Isabelle...
Izzy...
Izzy.
Izzy? Isabelle?
Baby.
Baby, are you okay?
- No.
- What do you mean...?
- This...
- What do you need?
This is the last milestone.
- No. No, baby.
- It's okay.
Your plan worked.
- Izzy...
- You gave me happily ever after.
I know I shouldn't say this...
I love you too, Square.
Isabelle?
Izzy...
Izzy.
Baby. Izzy.
Baby.
I'm sorry, son.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, man. Funerals suck.
By the way...
you graduated today.
I mean, your GPA is kind of in the shitter.
But don't worry. You and Sammy can...
not go to college together. Or something.
Or you could apply to Pitt.
I mean they took me, so...
- Wait, you got into college?
- Yeah.
- What?
I brought my grades up and...
- Don't make it weird, man.
- No. You...
- You did good, fat boy. You did good.
- Thank you.
You deserve it.
So, what are you gonna do?
- Where did you get this rust-bucket?
- Sammy gave me a real good price on it.
- What are you gonna do when you get to New York?
- Make music.
See what happens.
Well, I got you this.
Help you to stay organized.
I put a couple of things on your calendar.
There it is.
- I love you.
- I'll see you soon.
- Yeah.
Are you ready for this?
I thought so.
...never gotten a request quite like this one
before, it comes from a dying girl named Isabelle.
I'm gonna have to clean some of the
language up because my girl can curse.
So Isabelle writes:
"Everybody thinks that dying
teaches you something about life,
but they're wrong.
The only way to learn
about life is by living.
And I've learned that every moment
is your moment.
Sometimes the moments are messy,
sometimes they're beautiful,
or scary, or just plain weird.
But they're all yours.
Cherish them.
Living isn't easy.
But if you can manage to look past your
own fears and everyone else's expectations,
the reward is your life.
And in my life?
I was loved.
So, Daryn, one more?
She also sent me this track and told me I
had to play it or else she would haunt me.
So here is the world premiere from
local rapper, D Square, "A Life In A Year."
Yo, Pittsburgh, turn your radios up.
One more?
One more.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org